Fixed send-schedules.gmp.py because it couldn't import <timezone>. (#299)
greenbone/gvm-tools: CHANGELOG.md

### Added
### Changed

> - Fixed `send-schedule.gmp.py` script, because it expected to pull timezone only from <timezone_abbrev>, not <timezone> in xml. Also we don't need "targethost" in Example, README.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed `send-schedule.gmp.py` script, because <timezone_abbrev> has been [removed](https://github.com/greenbone/gvmd/commit/d4a0fa2287b425199330b7e5671b61cdbd836fe4) from Schedules, using <timezone> instead. [#299](https://github.com/greenbone/gvm-tools/pull/299)
```

> - Fixed `send-targets.gmp.py` script, because alive_test needs to be from `AliveTest` enum in `create_target` function. [#296](https://github.com/greenbone/gvm-tools/pull/295)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed `send-targets.gmp.py` script, because alive_test needs to be from `AliveTest` enum in `create_target` function. [#297](https://github.com/greenbone/gvm-tools/pull/297)
```
